Create Blog “2025-01-10-field-notes-troubleshooting-net-opentelemetry-sdk-why-cant-i-see-my-apps-metrics” (#962)
SeanKilleen/seankilleen.github.io: _posts/2025-01-10-field-notes-troubleshooting-net-opentelemetry-sdk-why-cant-i-see-my-apps-metrics.md

---
title: "[Field Notes] Troubleshooting .NET OpenTelemetry SDK: Why Can't I see My
  App's Metrics?"
comments: true
tags:
  - dotnet
  - .net
  - opentelemetry
  - otel
  - otel-collector
  - docker
date: 2025-01-09 23:24 -0500
---
## Challenge

I have a .NET app that runs in a Linux container. I was instrumenting this app with OpenTelemetry to push metrics to an OpenTelemetry Collector container ("otel-collector"). Locally, I have a docker-compose setup that spins up the otel-collector, Prometheus, and Grafana.

I had everything set up as I remembered it working (and where I had past working examples). But for some reason, nothing seemed to be hitting the otel-collector. I enabled the console exporter for OpenTelemetry metrics, and saw metrics being generated by the app.

> I couldn't figure out how to understand what was happening between the time the .NET OTel SDK generated the metric and it getting to the otel-collector. I enabled verbose logging in my otel-collector config:

Author: ```suggestion
I couldn't figure out how to understand what was happening between the time the .NET OTel SDK generated the metric and when it should arrive to the otel-collector. I enabled verbose logging in my otel-collector config:
```
